README.md, before:

---
[![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/malta-translate.svg)](http://badge.fury.io/js/malta-translate)
[![Dependencies](https://david-dm.org/fedeghe/malta-translate.svg)](https://david-dm.org/fedeghe/malta-translate)
[![npm downloads](https://img.shields.io/npm/dt/malta-translate.svg)](https://npmjs.org/package/malta-translate)
[![npm downloads](https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/malta-translate.svg)](https://npmjs.org/package/malta-translate)  
---  

This plugin can be used on: all files

Options :  
    - input : default 'it' ... yes Italian! but You can specify any language supported by [google-translate-api][0]  ([here is the list][langs])
    - output : default 'en' but You can specify any language supported by [google-translate-api][0] ([here is the list][langs])


Sample usage:  

suppose the outfile contains a label that should be translated:  

hello.js:  
```
...
var hello = "hello world", 
    presentations = "myname is Federico";
```

this is a _.js_ file but could be anything, now if we want to translate it in _german_ for example, we rewrite it like:

```
var hello = "i18n[hello world]", 
    presentations = "i18n[my name is] Federico";
```

now we can run malta on it using the malta-translate:  

```
malta app/hello.js public -plugins=malta-js-uglify...malta-translate[input:\"\'en\",output:\"de\"]
```
or in the .json file :
```
"app/hello.js" : "public -plugins=malta-js-uglify...malta-translate[input:\"\'en\",output:\"de\"]"
```

and get :  

public/hello.js
```
var hello="Hallo Welt",presentations="Ich heisse Federico";
```

Cache  
in the example will be created a file in the forlder where malta is executed a file named _.malta-translate-cache-en-de.json_ which contains the cached results to avoid unnecessary requests; the outmessage of the plugin will containsome stats about hit/missed elements. Malta will create/update those files but will never delete them; if needed You have to delete em.

[0]: https://www.npmjs.com/package/google-translate-api
[langs]: https://github.com/fedeghe/malta-translate/blob/master/langs.json

Commit message:

force destination language within the placeholder when pipe+ln is used

README.md, after:

---
[![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/malta-translate.svg)](http://badge.fury.io/js/malta-translate)
[![Dependencies](https://david-dm.org/fedeghe/malta-translate.svg)](https://david-dm.org/fedeghe/malta-translate)
[![npm downloads](https://img.shields.io/npm/dt/malta-translate.svg)](https://npmjs.org/package/malta-translate)
[![npm downloads](https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/malta-translate.svg)](https://npmjs.org/package/malta-translate)  
---  

This plugin can be used on: all files

Options :  
    - input : default 'it' ... yes Italian! but You can specify any language supported by [google-translate-api][0]  ([here is the list][langs])
    - output : default 'en' but You can specify any language supported by [google-translate-api][0] ([here is the list][langs])


Sample usage:  

suppose the outfile contains a label that should be translated:  

hello.js:  
```
...
var hello = "hello world", 
    presentations = "myname is Federico";
```

this is a _.js_ file but could be anything, now if we want to translate it in _german_ for example, we rewrite it like:

```
var hello = "i18n[hello world]", 
    presentations = "i18n[my name is] Federico";
```

now we can run malta on it using the malta-translate:  

```
malta app/hello.js public -plugins=malta-js-uglify...malta-translate[input:\"\'en\",output:\"de\"]
```
or in the .json file :
```
"app/hello.js" : "public -plugins=malta-js-uglify...malta-translate[input:\"\'en\",output:\"de\"]"
```

and get :  

public/hello.js
```
var hello="Hallo Welt",presentations="Ich heisse Federico";
```

### if  
...within a file that must be translated for example from `en` to `de` one particular word has always to be translated to japanese, regardless the input & output given parameters then is enough to mark it as:  

    i18n[always japanese|ja] 


###Cache  

in the example will be created a file in the forlder where malta is executed a file named _.malta-translate-cache-en-de.json_ which contains the cached results to avoid unnecessary requests; the outmessage of the plugin will containsome stats about hit/missed elements. Malta will create/update those files but will never delete them; if needed You have to delete em.

[0]: https://www.npmjs.com/package/google-translate-api
[langs]: https://github.com/fedeghe/malta-translate/blob/master/langs.json
